
<!-- It's better to relax by reading a book than doing physical exercise -->

Everyone needs relaxing due to the heavy workload. It's said that the ones who combines
working and resting can achieve the highest work efficiency. Some people tend to read
books to for relaxation, while others prefer doing some physical exercises. I think
neither of them has a priority. These two ways of relaxing are of the same importance.

First, reading needs less physical power. For the people who prefer quiet a way of
relaxing, reading is the best choice. Reading books can improve one's thought, which is
wildly acknowledged. That is to say, it's not only a way of relaxing. When someone meets
some sorts of problems in his work, he can stop working temporarly, read some books about
what he's doing. He might be inspired by the books and find the solution. Reading can
also relax one physically. There're a large number of blue-collar workers in the world,
they're definitely exhausted after a day's work. I don't think they'd like to do any
physical exercise when they're so tired.

Second, physical exercise can strengthon one's body. It's the ideal way for those who
want to stop working mentally while relaxing. The while-collar workers nowadays sit on
their chairs for a considerable amount of time, causing a lot of problems related to
backs and necks. These problems can be easily solved by doing physical exercises.
Swimming, Racing, Soccer, Jumping, Cycling, all these can prevent one from getting into
troubles mentioned above. My father, as a while-collar worker, suffered from neck pain
a lot for years, for sitting in front of a desk day by day. This situation changed two
years ago, a friend of his suggested him to go swimming during the weekends. This
really helped him from getting rid of the neck pain.

From that we can draw a conclusion, both reading and doing physical exercise can help
one a lot. This is really a matter of opinion, depends on one's job or physical
conditions.

