## 作文

<!-- Teachers should be paid according to how well their students perform -->

Teachers, known as a group of people who cultivate the new generation, should be paid well.
In some schools, the headmasters determine the salaries of the teachers by their students'
performance, in order to motivate the teachers to work harder, while the other schools pay
the teachers a constant amount of money. Here's the problem: which of the two policies is
more rewarding? In my opinion, the schools shouldn't determine teachers' salaries by their
students' performance.

First, the students' original ability levels are different, teachers whose students are
smarter will earn more but work less. It is unfair for teachers in charge of some naive or
naughty students. My mother is a primary school teacher. One of her students at the moment
is the son of a boxer(who concentrates on his work all the time, rarely taking care of his
son), beating other students frequently in the first few years. My mum really suffered a
lot during that period of time calling his parents to have a talk, asking him to apologize
to others for his aggressive behavior, cultivating his sense of politeness, etc. It's
really unfair if the school determine her salary according to her students' behavior.

Second, the "students' behavior-dependent salary" policy might stimulate some bad teachers
who consider earning money more important than teaching their students well to use some
effective but harmful ways to force their students to reach high performance in exams or
some public occasions. Recently a Chinese professor Yang's stories are widely spread in
China, he shocks his students with electricity to warn them to study hard. To be honest,
He does achieved his original goal, but he really hurt the children a lot. If teachers are
paid according to the students' behavior, such sorts of bad guys will always appear and do
harm to the society.

From that we can draw a conclusion, teachers' salaries shouldn't be determined by their
students' behavior. I have a constructive suggestion that teachers can be paid according
to their own behavior, that won't lead to such problems mentioned above.


